[DOCS] Add Getting started guide (#20088)
ethereum/go-ethereum: docs/_getting-started/index.md

To pull the image and start a node, run these commands:

```shell
docker pull ethereum/client-go
docker run -it -p 30303:30303 ethereum/client-go
```

_[Read this guide](/install-and-build/Installing-Geth#run-inside-docker-container) for further Docker options._

## Starting a node

### Create an account

Before starting Geth you first need to create an account that represents a key pair. Use the following command to create a new account and set a password for that account:

```shell
geth account new
```

_[Read this guide](/interface/Managing-your-accounts) for more details on importing existing Ethereum accounts and other uses of the `account` command._

### Sync modes

Running Geth starts an Ethereum node that can join any existing network, or create a new one. You can start Geth in one of three different sync modes using the `--syncmode "{mode}"` argument that determines what sort of node it is in the network.

These are:

> -   **Full**: Downloads all block headers, block data, and validates all transactions

Reviewer: Full download all blocks ( headers + transactions + receipts), and generates the 'state' incrementally by executing every block one by one

Author: ```suggestion
-   **Full**: Downloads all blocks (including headers, transactions and receipts) and generates the state of the blockchain incrementally by executing every block.
```

And again @holiman thanks, but can I unpack what "executing" mean?

I also think we might need a glossary of headers, transactions and receipts mean exactly.

Reviewer: Executing a transaction means
- validate basics, like there's enough balance on the account, 
- do value transfer from sender to recipient, 
- execute code in the ethereum VM, which may mean further internal transfers and storage updates
- deduct gas costs from sender,

> -   **Fast** (Default): Downloads block headers and block data of the most recent transactions (1024) and validates them.

Reviewer: Nope. Fast downloads all blocks ( headers + transactions + receipts), verifies all headers, anda also downloads the state and verifies against the headers.

Author: Thanks @holiman here's my change based on your comments. I think I'd like to add a clarification here of what you mean exactly by "state". Bearing in mind this is a getting started guide, what does it mean to you?

```suggestion
-   **Fast** (Default): Downloads all blocks (including headers, transactions and receipts), verifies all headers, and downloads the state and verifies it against the headers.
```

Author: Or maybe the state question is answered below…?

Reviewer: `state` means 
- All contracts, nonces, balances, storage entries

The state is stored in a merkle trie, and the state at any block can be uniquely identified by the root hash of the tree at that point in time.

So block-by-block generates the state by executing transactions sequentially. Whereas fast-sync downloads the state from peers, and then just validates that the trie root hash indeed corresponds to what the header says that the root-hash should be

> -   **Light**: Downloads all block headers, block data, but does not validate transactions.

Reviewer: Not quite. Downloads all block headers, and verify some of them randomly. Fetches portions of state on demand as needed.

Author: ```suggestion
-   **Light**: Downloads all block headers, block data, and verifies some randomly. 
```

@holiman My question here is how does someone fetch portions of the state? Or is that best reserved for outside of a getting started guide anyway?

Reviewer: Probably best reserved for outside. But essentially, if you know the root hash, and you are interested in the leaf-values of the trie that correspond to your particular address, you can get a 'stubbed' tree, which contains the leaf you are interested in, and the neighbouring hashes that are needed to validate that the leaf is indeed part of a trie that has this exact root hash

Author: Righto, noted for next-next-steps, or something…
